Clarify `fast_dev_run` docs (#12751)
PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning: docs/source/common/trainer.rst

|

> Runs n if set to ``n`` (int) else 1 if set to ``True`` batch(es) of train, val and test

Author: The wording here made it sound like `trainer.fit()` would still run 1 test batch. Not the case

> to find any bugs (ie: a sort of unit test).

Author: The unit test comment is very misleading considering it doesn't run any special assertions

should not be used to limit the number of batches to run.

.. testcode::

    # default used by the Trainer
    trainer = Trainer(fast_dev_run=False)

    # runs only 1 training and 1 validation batch and the program ends
    trainer = Trainer(fast_dev_run=True)
    trainer.fit(...)

    # runs 7 predict batches and program ends
    trainer = Trainer(fast_dev_run=7)
    trainer.predict(...)

> This argument is a different from ``limit_{train,val,test,predict}_batches`` because side effects are avoided to reduce the
> impact to subsequent runs. Here are the key differences:

Author: ```suggestion
This argument is different from ``limit_{train,val,test,predict}_batches`` because side effects are avoided to reduce the
impact to subsequent runs. These are the changes enabled:
```
